What I refer to below as "the medicine" was 3.1g of Psilocybe cubensis prepared as a drink with cacao and honey. I drank about 90% of it, got a strong intuition that that was the right amount, and stopped. I watered down the rest and took it as several microdoses over the next few days. (See "Coming home to waking life" below.) 

Session: 
We had some logistical difficulties. My guide said my concerns about our interpersonal dynamic were relevant and serious and I'd better not trip with them. 
The babysitter showed up late. Several hours later than I had expected to start the session, I was frustrated, probably hypoglycemic, and seriously scared that my sitter would back out and I'd be stuck with my trauma indefinitely. Finally the guide handed me the jar of medicine, picked up the toddler, and left. The babysitter-turned-trip-sitter absolved themself of all responsibility for my experience or outcome, and suggested that I taste the medicine and decide for myself how much I wanted to take. 

I remember wanting to taste and honour each sip as I drank it. Finally I took sort of a double sip and then handed the rest to my sitter, saying, "I feel like that's a good amount." 
"Yeah. That's a good amount." 

I felt it almost immediately, within a few minutes of starting to drink it. The first thing I noticed was relaxation, followed by a sense that anything and everything was funny. Those could've come from relief at finally getting the session started, but I think it was the medicine itself. The first clearly psychedelic effect was a shift in my sense of space and my own body. I lay down and held my sitter's hand. The guide came back into the room briefly to put on some kind of classical music. The music turned things into dragons. My hand and the hand I was holding both looked and felt like dragon's claws, not in an unpleasant way at all, just definitely dragon and not human. The friend who'd told the frog joke showed up in frog form a few times during the session, though I myself was thoroughly not a frog. I laughed a lot about my non-frogness. 

I remember a series of kaleidoscope-type visuals. By then I couldn't keep track of my physical body at all. I tried to blow my nose, and gave up because I couldn't relate the position of my hand to the position of the handkerchief that was within easy reach a moment before. I felt thirsty and said so, but I couldn't sit up to drink. It felt like very few minutes had passed since I took the medicine. I noticed that I needed to pee, and decided there was no point trying to get to the bathroom. I couldn't even tell whether I was already peeing or not, and I remember thinking, "Oh, well, I'm glad all movements of fluid are just normal, healthy life processes of the Gaia organism." I got a beautiful visual of a living, breathing Earth with water flowing around and through it, and at that point I fully let go of my physical body. I remember thinking that I might drown because I was so congested and so helpless in the physical realm, and deciding that even that was okay because I trusted the medicine. 

My sitter changed the music to a solo flute lullaby, and I felt myself becoming part of a vast network of dancing pale green branches. There was no up or down, and no edges, my limbs merged seamlessly into the network and it was all dancing in time with the music. Sunlight shining into water with ripples makes a similar pattern, visually. I was experiencing it more kinesthetically. 

My sense of hearing didn't seem to change at all during the whole session. My vision shifted back and forth between fairly clear perceptions of my surroundings in waking life and abstract visual interpretations of the music. When I saw my sitter, my bedroom wall, etc., they were familiar but distorted in space, as if my brain simply refused to do geometry right then. My sitter asked later whether the shifts had been correlated with opening or closing my eyes, and I don't know. My kinesthetic sense, even in relation to my eyelids, became confused early on and didn't come back until right at the end. 
My sense of time was cyclical, rather than linear, throughout. That is, each moment felt connected to the one before it, but I couldn't organize a series of moments into a timeline. 

The emotional effect of the medicine was an energy release, like laughter. It was impossible to control, easy to trust, not exactly relaxing, but not at all frightening. I was surprised to find that I could still talk. It didn't feel the same as talking when I'm sober or when I'm stoned. On mushrooms, I found I could take a deep breath and then send a thought to my sitter, and somehow my voice would say it in English words. 

At some point before my sense of my physical body completely disappeared, I seemed to be feeling only my fascia, and it seemed to be spread out in a network several metres wide. I remember thinking that the medicine was untangling it for me. That was a pleasant sensation. 

There was a phase when the universe felt chaotic. I'm not sure whether that was before or right after my sitter changed the music again. I remember concluding that there was no point worrying about anything, since everything, possible or impossible, was already happening. I assumed that that was what the session was all about and that it was therefore probably coming to an end. 

Thinking back, that was more like the middle of the session. I spent the rest of it in a beautiful fractal rainbow spiral world that had a sense of order to it as well as a sense of freedom. The words "cosmic consciousness" appeared visually, exactly the way I'd written them when I was writing down intentions for the session. The two friends I'd talked to on the phone showed up in that space. One was just being a frog. The other was dancing in almost the same way as I was, and I remember appreciating that. Some simple word-thoughts floated through my awareness: "Love," "Trust," "Healing," "Grateful," "Working together," "Dancing," "Growing," "We're all on the same team." It was obvious to me that "all" really meant all, that there was no being or pattern of any kind that was not involved in the same healing work as me. 

My own consciousness lit up --- manifested -- created --- a loosely defined part of the fractal, like a candle whose light fades imperceptibly into the distance. I had a vague centre, but no edges. I had a sense that the space was infinite, that I was experiencing only one perspective on one bit of an infinite fractal universe. It was the same universe as waking life, perceiving it as a dancing fractal rainbow was simply a different perspective from waking life. I remember noticing a paradox, my perspective being the only one that was real in that moment, and that moment containing an awareness that all other moments and perspectives were also real. Other consciousness was both less real and no less real than my own. I was also aware of consciousness as the living, growing, healing, learning edge of the pattern. 

I had an intuition that the whole fractal was generated by some extremely simple principle that was contained in every part of it. There was no master creator of the universe; the substrate, the hardware that the universe was running on, was consciousness, and the only program it ran was a very simple one that was all about healing and love. 

I remember seeing normal human waking life as one small, dark loop in the pattern, off the one side from where I was, and knowing that it was what I was about to do next. The prospect was neither pleasant nor unpleasant, it was a minor chore that I didn't mind, like washing my hands or tying my shoe. 

A moment later, I was back in my human body, in my bedroom, and my sitter was asleep beside me, and the music was coming from an electronic device rather than from everywhere at once. I found that I was able to blow my nose. I noticed that I needed to pee again, and was surprised to find myself crawling to the bathroom. I watched my hands placing themselves on the floor, one after the other, and wondered how they learned to do that, because they certainly didn't get it from me. 

Coming back to waking life: 
The music stopped. I guess the battery ran out. I missed it, and was glad it had lasted until I was at least somewhat functional again. I think my sense of linear time was the last thing to come back. 
Settling back into waking life was challenging. Everyone was asleep and I felt unused to my human body and wanted someone to talk to. At first I scribbled notes on whatever paper I could find, feeling surprised that my hand remembered how to write. Here's one: 
"It's kind of hard coming 
home to 
loneliness 
landing hard. 

P.S. I was not a frog, but we had a dragon dance party, which was fun."